Gobbins
Great Poster

 
Pandemic Horde CEO
 172  
Posts: 267
Kills: 179
 
 
 
 

 
Posted 7 minutes ago · Report post
 
 
 
IMPORTANT CHANGES
 
First some important changes so nobody misses it:
 
- Area eligible to score papi-tickets has been extended to all of Fade (anywhere in Fade region)
 - Bonus point ships changed to: Recons, Dictors, Tactical Destroyers, Command Dessies, t2 Logi frigs and Stratios. (yes bombers have been removed from the bonus pool)
 - In order to encourage spreading, whichever system has the most cloakers at any one time only collects tickets at a 50% rate. This means you wanna be anywhere in the region except wherever happens to be the most busy system at the time. (if two systems are tied for highest no penalty applies)
 - Prizes will be extracted on Friday, prize pool is currently 10 bils (5 b from corp 5 b from uncle SUAS)
 
These changes will go live soon as Kalbuir pushes the button.
 Explanation for the changes further below
 
 
 
WAR UPDATE
 
We have deployed north and started our incursion in Fade.
 Turnout has been insane, I would say 90% of our active members joined this effort and moved to Oka.
 This is a picture during Saturday afternoon, 172 cloakers up and running that's just brutal: http://i.imgur.com/xUq9rY5.png
 The cloaky camping has led to the complete shut down of isk making activies throughout the whole constellation: http://evemaps.dotlan.net/map/Fade#npc24
 All ADMs are currently falling, the rate is hard coded at 1% per hour meaning it takes about 4 days per level. Keep calm and watch it burn boys ))
 
 
 
THE PLAN FORWARD
 
Ratters and miners in the region have all but disappeared, with most of the targets in the area being travelling ships or medium sized camps trying to gain some sort of control back.
 The hostile camps have been completely useless so far at reigniting ratting in the region. Because we already have cloakers all over the area the camp doesn't protect anybody that is trying to do an anom or belt a couple jumps behind. Mainly these camps try to catch new guys moving in so remember to use intel channels before travelling in or out!
 For this reason we have shifted the bonus papi away from bombers and into t2/t3 destroyers and small skirmish stuff. These ships can be asher fitted for the afk cloaking and can otherwise patrol together and take on small gangs very effectively. Bombers on the other hand would be very useful at nuking ninja ratters, but there are none in the area at present. Against the camps, torp bombers are rather useless hence our shift.
 If you enjoy the skirmish and hunting play style keep up the good work and lets reset this region back to the stoneage. If this playstile is not for you feel free to wait in Oka instead and wait for pinged fleets. Even in that case I still recommend you get a simple cloaky alt into fade for when you go AFK, collect some tickets while helping flood local.
   
 
PHASE 2 BEGINS
 
WIth Horde + Allies already reaching pretty much full occupation of the region within a weekend, it is time to shit up the place with timers. Most systems will take another full week before they are manageable but meanwhile there are a several ihubs in the region ripe for some entosing. Unleash the Overdoze.
 
Feroxes are seeded, buy yourself a good old ferox - you know what to do :)
 
 
 
TEARS
 
For those that missed it this is a recording of a recent corp meeting within SMA: https://soundcloud.com/wehrner-stihl/corp-meeting-2016-02-21
 These guys are telling their members that horde will be gone anytime soon and that they will be able to resume ratting in Fade shortly. Also Paps.
 The other hilarious chimpout this week was one of goon's representative in the capitals focus group deciding to ragequit because CCP would not let carriers AFK farm anomalies any longer. This guy was legit outraged ccp might demand capital pilots to be at their keyboard while they are ratting for isk: http://i.imgur.com/e3RGUvD.jpg
 
 
 
CASUAL RATTING
 
For those who enjoy some nbd ratting between ops without having to jump clone, we are going to upgrade a couple systems near Oka so you can run anoms in VNIs. Also for newbeans we will seed skillbooks and catalysts in w-4 so they can chill with the rest of us and chew some serpentis in the meanwhile, then jump into corms and come monkey scalping with the bros.
 
 
 SITUATION IN QUERIOUS
 
SMA's leader Winet personally led a bunch of firetails (frigates) to querious and entosised empty TCUs. These are TCUs in empty systems that are basically just there to put Horde's name on the map. They told their members this devastation of our sov is going to make us recall to querious, in fact mittani himself believes this apparently: https://soundcloud.com/mathias-schl-tter/21-02-16-fireside
 Of course we did not recall. Instead we let them waste their time flailing around while their actual space is turning into Chernobyl. So next they thought "hey let's go entosis sov in the rest of querious! their allies will turn against them!"
 This is the best part of this story. These guys are some high on their own propaganda of the invicible imperium, they legit thought a 10 man frig gang would scare the rest of querious into turning against each other. Of course what happened is they started entosing brave's stuff and got instantly shut down, but not before making a desperate attempt to beg for help:
﻿[ 2016.02.21 07:41:18 ] Winet > ill make you a deal then
﻿[ 2016.02.21 07:41:30 ] Winet > we wont touch this dont stop us fucking with ph
 And then: https://zkillboard.com/character/442705932/
 
 
 
NEW DOCTRINES AND RECOMMENDED TRAINING
 
This weekend we had a chance to try out the ab confessors doctrine from  TISHU. This doctrine is a lot of fun especially to dunk on jackdaws and smaller bc gangs. However feroxes achieve the same goal for half the cost and without requiring lvl 5 training. Fade is only 7 jumps away so the extra move speed is not that beneficial. So we will keep flying this for fun every now and then especially in mixed fleets with tishu, but please dont prioritize confessor training.
 The current recommendation however is to train based SVIPULs. This ship is perfect for the kind of skirmishing and hunting we are doing, and is a stepping stone to train into sabre and bifrost. A fleshed out doctrine will come later but for now my recommendation is: spend 10 days training minmatar destroyer 5 and unlock this sweet boat.
 
 
 
 
 
Ok that's all for now team, keep up the good dunks and stay #blessed
